random note.txt

Statement: 
1.1 
State motivation, reason for choosing the insitute

Curiosity has always been my biggest motivation in studying physics. 
Despite being the most successful and precise model, the Standard Model leaves 
a few unanswered mysteries, such as the neutrino mass,
and the orgin of Dark Matter (DM) etc. 
These fundamental issues inspier my
research and I believe the world-leading Uppsala group, 
with its broad experimental particle physics
program is the ideal place to carry out this research.
Among the DM experiments in all different fields, 
searches for DM particles in detectors
are one of the most thriving.
The idea of probing DM candidates in the LHC or the future FCC-ee via 
long-lived particles has deeply attracted me, 
and I am greatly interested in exploring
the most secretive piece of the SM.
With the ATLAS experiment and the potential FCC-ee, 
I wish to join the current effort of searches 
in the dark sector, study and take part in the future
FCC-ee experiment, and explore open research possibilities. 

2.1
education
I have acquired my MPhys. Degree at the University of Oxford in 2018. After that, 
I started my particle physics Ph.D. research at the University of Liverpool. 
In the crucial but yet-undiscovered Di-Higgs study, 
I have played a key role in the searches 
for the Di-Higgs production via the $b\bar{b}\tau^+\tau^-$ channel,   
from which I have gained extensive experience dealing 
with the Higgs boson, top quarks (which is the main background of the analysis), 
$b$-jets and $\tau$ leptons. 
I have also taken the major role in the Flavour Tagging calibration, 
where the calibration results are used by all ATLAS analyses. 
It equipped me with familiarity with the $b$-tagging algorithm and 
more experience on dealing with $b$-jets and $c$-jets.
I believe these experience will help me to 
quickly get into the dark sector searches,
as these particles are involved heavily in hunt for the 
long-lived particles. 
I have also aquired proficiencies in using the state-of-art multi-variate techniques
when performing the Di-Higgs searches, where the 
neural network is the discriminating tool for the non-resonant production, 
and the use of parametric neural network enables
fast and stable scan in the large range of resonant mass of the Di-Higgs production. 

To summarise,
I believe my characteristic will fit smoothly with the position, that
my research experience provides me the skill sets
for conducting the dark sector searches and my proficiencies in 
multi-variate techniques will help to boost my efficiency. 
 



2.2 
reseach experience


reco chapter, important comment from Carl:
1. improve how the vertex part is described
2. jet calibration: one step missing

miscellaneous: define what is a hole (search for hole)

dihiggs: 
Before going on to the results, you may want to potentially 
outline a bit the strategy i.e. 
loose preselection, MVA, data-driven bkgs etc.